#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    'requirements/deps compile' (for details see requirements/README)
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restful
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
asn1crypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coincurve
astroid==2.8.0
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrdict==2.0.1
    # via raiden-api-client
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   treq
    #   twisted
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
backcall==0.1.0
    # via ipython
base58==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   multiaddr
bcrypt==3.1.6
    # via matrix-synapse
bitarray==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
black==22.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via matrix-synapse
build==0.8.0
    # via pip-tools
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
canonicaljson==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   signedjson
certifi==2019.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   coincurve
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   raiden-contracts
coincurve==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eciespy
    #   raiden-contracts
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
colour==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coverage==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cytoolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-utils
dbapi-opentracing==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==4.4.2
    # via ipython
eciespy==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
eth-abi==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   web3
eth-account==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
eth-keys==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eciespy
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
eth-rlp==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
eth-typing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   web3
eth-utils==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   rlp
    #   web3
execnet==1.6.0
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
faker==15.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fancycompleter==0.8
    # via pdbpp
filelock==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-comprehensions
    #   flake8-tuple
flake8-bugbear==21.9.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-comprehensions==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-tuple==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flaky==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-opentracing
    #   flask-restful
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-opentracing==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-restful==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
frozendict==2.3.4
    # via matrix-synapse
gevent==21.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   grequests
graphviz==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   objgraph
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
grequests==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
guppy3==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
hexbytes==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   treq
    #   twisted
hypothesis==6.46.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hyperlink
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pluggy
incremental==17.5.0
    # via
    #   treq
    #   twisted
iniconfig==1.0.1
    # via pytest
ipfshttpclient==0.8.0a2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
ipython==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jedi==0.17.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   matrix-synapse
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   web3
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.1
    # via astroid
lru-dict==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-polyfield
marshmallow-dataclass[union]==8.5.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
marshmallow-polyfield==5.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
matrix-client==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
matrix-synapse==1.33.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mirakuru==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
msgpack==0.6.1
    # via matrix-synapse
multiaddr==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipfshttpclient
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.982
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
netaddr==0.7.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   multiaddr
objgraph==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
opentracing==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dbapi-opentracing
    #   flask-opentracing
    #   requests-opentracing
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   build
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
parsimonious==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-abi
parso==0.7.0
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pdbpp==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pep517==0.10.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
phonenumbers==8.10.13
    # via matrix-synapse
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via matrix-synapse
pip-tools==6.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
pluggy==0.12.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.8.0
    # via matrix-synapse
prompt-toolkit==3.0.5
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mirakuru
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
py-solc-x==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   raiden-contracts
py-spy==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyasn1==0.4.5
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.5
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   service-identity
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eciespy
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pdbpp
pylint==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pymacaroons==0.13.0
    # via matrix-synapse
pynacl==1.3.0
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   pymacaroons
    #   signedjson
pyopenssl==19.0.0
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pysha3==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest==7.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-random
    #   pytest-select
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-forked==1.1.3
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-random==0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-select==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via faker
pytz==2019.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restful
pyyaml==5.4
    # via matrix-synapse
raiden-api-client==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
raiden-contracts==0.50.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
raiden-webui==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   grequests
    #   ipfshttpclient
    #   matrix-client
    #   py-solc-x
    #   raiden-api-client
    #   requests-opentracing
    #   responses
    #   treq
    #   web3
requests-opentracing==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
responses==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
rlp==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py-solc-x
    #   raiden-contracts
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   twisted
signedjson==1.1
    # via matrix-synapse
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonicaljson
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   attrdict
    #   automat
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   flake8-tuple
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
    #   multiaddr
    #   parsimonious
    #   pymacaroons
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.1.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   matrix-synapse
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
structlog==21.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cytoolz
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
treq==22.1.0
    # via matrix-synapse
twisted[tls]==21.2.0
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   treq
typeguard==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
types-cachetools==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-click==7.1.1
    # via types-flask
types-filelock==3.2.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-flask==1.1.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-jinja2==2.11.1
    # via types-flask
types-markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via types-jinja2
types-pkg-resources==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-requests==2.27.27
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-toml==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-urllib3==1.26.14
    # via types-requests
types-werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via types-flask
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   mypy
    #   signedjson
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
ulid-py==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
unpaddedbase64==1.1.0
    # via
    #   matrix-synapse
    #   signedjson
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
varint==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   multiaddr
wcwidth==0.1.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
web3==6.0.0b6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   raiden-contracts
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websockets==10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pip-tools
wmctrl==0.3
    # via pdbpp
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   dbapi-opentracing
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-event==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
